hello everyone today's question I'm on
the answer is why do we need a calorie
surplus in order to gain muscle isn't
eating enough protein enough because
protein is the building block for a
muscle from which you know new
sarcomeres new contractile units are
built so this isn't just eating enough
protein enough so let's say everyday I'm
gonna eat 150 grams or 160 grams of
protein would that be enough to gain
muscle or why is it that I need a
calorie surplus well that's a very deep
question if we want to go on the
molecular level but I'll try to give you
an overview of this question my
professor Brian Phillips from online
that I met helped me out with this one
so here it comes our body is a huge
machine it's a huge machine and
everything in that body body requires
energy that energy is sugar glucose and
any kind you want to call it and in
order for our body to work and function
every day we have a baseball basal
metabolic rate so that's how much
calories our body uses to digest to to
you know to breathe to transport blood
all over our body to do everything to
move around every single gram of muscle
on our on our body every single unit of
muscle every single cell requires a
certain amount of calories just to exist
all right just to exist and then those
calories are converted into ATP energy
and whatever is needed
therefore to feed our brain to think our
brain eats 20% of all the calories we
consume because it requires so much in
order to function so all these things
are working together now let's say I
went and I worked out now I want to get
my muscles to get bigger so what do I
need I need energy in order to build
that muscle so now I got the building
blocks to protein coming in so now the
protein is inside me and now I need that
protein to go to the muscles that I want
to build and now I want new sarcomeres
to be built side by side NORs you get
the muscle bigger so energy is needed to
transcribe DNA to transport it to code
for proteins all that stuff energy is
needed for that
and energy comes from where comes from
calories when you're bulking and you're
eating more calories than needed and
you're gaining fat you're actually
eating more calories than needed in
order to build a new muscle it's
possible to gain muscle and not gain fat
if you find that perfect metal ground
but calorie surplus is always needed in
order to build muscle because energy is
needed in order to use the building
blocks in order to build those new
sarcomeres
those new sarcomeres are within your
muscle cell because your muscle is like
a huge pile of little ropes right and
your muscle builds more and more of them
next to each other it never builds in
new cells you are born with the same
amount of muscle cells that you're gonna
die with unless something happens to get
surgery you have the same amount of
muscle cells all your life same thing
with fat cells adipose tissue you have
the same amount all your life they just
get bigger or smaller politea today ask
your question below what what next thing
you want to know the next question I'm
asking which was asked is how does
microwave affect food quality or food
nutrient nutrient quality so that's
going to be my next question
that I answer in my next video comment
below a top-rated question will get
answered subscribe for more polity today
my life